---
title: Week 14
---

Last week of the regular season! Wow, time flies.

While the top of the league were locked in, we saw at least TBB, ESQ, and SKY fighting it out for the #6 spot.

 + Bryn and The Brady Bunch (TBB) fell to TBC, losing 111 to 104. With a win, TBB would have guaranteed a playoff berth, exceeding rivals with a season total of 1548.04 Pts.
 + It was a close game for the Collies (ESQ) as they beat BRR by less than a point: 98.86 to 98.06
 + The Skylarks (SKY) beat the Bearcats (NAP) 102 to 70
 
In the end, the larks pipped the dogs past the post and made the playoffs on points scored (1526 to 1477)

The Rifles squeaked through in their final game, barely defeating rivals The Cheetahs (CHE) 96.32 to 95.30. Both teams progress to the postseason.

The final remarkable turn of events was the combination shock win for Packers FC in their final matchup, and the indignity for Country Road Take Mahomes (CRT) of losing the same. Trebble's squad have been noted by many for their good performance and poor fortune. CRT would finish the season in fifth place based solely on points scored, and yet with only six wins, they land in 9th position in the league. It becomes only the second win for PFC on the season -- no mean feat when there were some who expected two fewer than that.

It's been a close season of fantasy football that's excited us to the very end. And now the following six teams progress to the first week of playoffs:


| Rank | Team | | W-L | Pts |
|------|------|-|-----|-----|
| 1    | The Red Rifles | RED | 12-2 | 1626.94 |
| 2    | Beginners Luck | BGL | 9-5  | 1705.34 |
| 3    | TBC            | TBC | 9-5  | 1676.60 |
| 4    | Lockett Down   | LCD | 9-5  | 1487.12 |
| 5    | The Cheetahs   | CHE | 8-6  | 1655.34 |
| 6    | Southport Skylarks | SKY | 8-6 | 1526.84 |

To the playoffs! 🔜