---
title: Week 6 - Lightning Report
---

## Results

+ This week, *Burrow row row your boat* (BRR) and *Packers FC* (PFC) each got the auspicious opportunity of earning their first win, as they faced off against each other. Hubble's side came away with the win, 124-102, but respectable scores for both. Better luck next time to the PFC.

+ The game between *The category is 'country love'* (CCL) and TBC was a tight one. The country lovers won it 101.6-100.2, leaving Langlois lamenting later, "Outscored Grace in 6/9 positions... somehow lost! 😫😫" (thanks for the free analysis, Josh!)

+ The Commish and his side CRT did take the win after their trade tirade, though neither Brady nor Ertz were particular difference-makers. They beat BRR 102 to 92. Both teams go to 3-3.

+ The *Southport Skylarks* (SKY) were finished scoring at the end of Sunday night, ahead of rival *Naperville Bearcats* (NAP) by 84.7-62.9. Wallbank's side had only Herbert left to field, so if he scored any less than 22, the game was for the birds. In the end, the quarterback earned just 8.42, so, despite the low-scoring affair, SKY took the W and returned to #3 in the table, with a 4-2 record.

+ The injury-stricken *Esquel Collies* couldn't field a competitive side, and lost to *Mayfield Bakery* (MFB) in a 118 to 79 blowout game. The Bakery cooked up impressive performances from T-Law, Brandon Aiyuk, and the Patriots Defence.

+ Luck ran out for BGL as they were let down at RB and TE positions, losing the battle against LCD. Both teams go to 4-2.

+ In the safari for the top spot, *The Red Rifles* (RED) prevailed over *The Cheetahs* (CHE) in a 107.9-103.1 victory. Median scores were higher across the board for the Rifles, while the Cheetahs nearly got away with riding on one or two hero performances. Alas; rock beats scissors, rifle beats cheetah.
