---
title: Week 5 - Lightning Report
date: 2022-10-14
---

## Results

 + Starting with our closest game of the season so far; CHE won over Lockett Down (LCD), 101.54 to 101.52. Impressively though, Mr Baskerville fielded a team comprised entirely of drafted men, and has only made three roster changes on the season (compare to half the league who have made 8 or more changes). CHE hold 2nd place and LCD fall back to 7th, where they began last weekend. Easy come, easy go.
 
 + Dog Days for the Collies as ESQ suffer their first loss of the season to ascendant BGL (streak W3). Though both teams pulled along a dead weight in flex (Parker for the Beginners, Landry for Esquel), the number of bomb players scoring more than 20 on the winning side did the trick for a total of 136.96. Helen's side were looking poor on the way into MNF with a score below 100, when Davante Adams pulled them up to a respectable 110.2. The Collies drop to 4th, 80 or so points behind top place RED Rifles.
 
 + Speaking of whom, RED only just got the jump on Bryn's Brady Bunch (TBB) when Kelce smashed Monday Night Football for a 33.5 point swing. Will they hold on to the lead this weekend against #2 CHE?
 
 + CCL enjoyed a win against the commissioner and his side, CRT. "Country Road, Take Me Home, I'm Drunk", proclaimed Goff, Robinson, Kirk, and Higgins, as they shared a paltry 13.8 points between them. Those two teams now tie on their 2-3 records in the bottom half of the table. The loss ignited a furious trading spree - more on that later.
 
 + Jonny lost again. BRR go to 0-5, MFB climb to 2-3 after a narrowish 4 point win thanks to their RB core of Wilson and Pierce.
 
 + Brandon lost again. PFC go to 0-5, and SKY climb out of the mire to return to #6
 
 + Lastly, it looks like the NAP Bearcats couldn't sustain their early run, and currently languish on an L3 streak. Josh and TBC scored 147, close to their optimum lineup of 154 (props to the coach). The Bearcats roster just didn't have a reply in their midst, with five out of six of the bench scoring zero points! Just a bad week? Can they get a hard fought win next week against the Skylarks?

## They see me tradin'

Trade action was kicked off by the conspicuous transfer of Mahomes from PFC to TBC, in return for Engram, Godwin, and Walker III. Commentators will have their own view on the efficacy of this trade for each side. The Fantasy Pros analysis showed it favourable to TBC in the rest-of-season power rankings.

Andy Trebble, perhaps spurred by the growing momentum of the "Trebble out" movement among CRT fans, went off on his own version of [One Red Paperclip](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_red_paperclip) trades. After receiving Brady, Zeke Elliot, and Freiermuth from BGL, he then traded away the latter two plus Conklin, to CHE, in return for Ertz, Ingram, and Gesicki (whom El Harrati had picked up that day on waivers). Releasing Ingram and Gesicki, he picked up Rashaad White and Hunter Henry, only to drop the latter for Rondale Moore. So the net trade for CRT at end of day, was:

+ Jared Goff for Tom Brady
+ Goedert for Rachaad White (via Zeke Elliot and M Ingram)
+ Gibson for Rondale Moore (via Gesicki and Hunter Henry)
+ Conklin for Ertz

This fidgeting with the lineup is not for everyone, but I think we're all very excited to see if it pays off, or becomes a feast of schadenfreude for the rest of the league to enjoy.

## Week 6 preview

Thursday Night football yielded an early lead for NAP over the SKYlarks, but held disappointment for BRR and TBB, who only got 2.6 and 1.0 out of their Washington and Chicago starters, respectively.

This week we will have an interview with Bryn Joslin about life and football, so keep an eye out for that, skinners. And remember, Enjoy Football Responsibly™.
