---
title: Week 7
---

Despite a loss, the Rifles (RED) hold on to their top spot! BRR come away with a second back-to-back win! Cheetahs lose narrowly to the team with the highest coaching score (who could it be?)

We're half way through the regular season, with seven games left before the playoffs start in Week 15. Who's going up, and who's going down?

## Row your boat, gently to the score

First off, we want to zoom in on the improving fortunes of *Burrow row row your boat* (BRR) who this week took their second win, but notably were the highest scoring team of the weekend at 164.74. 

Buoyed by a roaring performance from the Bengals that included Mr. Joe Burrow himself (39.24 - highest scoring QB of the week) and Jamarr Chase (33.0 - highest scoring WR of the week) - it seems like fate was against the team trying to best the Rowers. That ignominious position fell to the Commissioner and his side, *Country Road, Take Me Back to Homebase, It's Not Switching On, I Hope You Kept The Receipt* (CRT), who scored 97.70.

## Lovers > Fighters
 
The second-highest score of the weekend went to CCL, who secured their third straight win to move into the middle of the table and now appear to be "in the hunt" (too early?) for the playoffs. Despite now sharing a 4-3 record with the teams placed 4th-8th in the table, Country Love are suffering from an overall score that trails 4th place Cheetahs by 95 pts. Can they make it up in the rest of the season, while winning ball games?

At running back, the Country Lovers outscored the Rifles by a sobering 65.1 to 9.7 (though RED made up for it in other places). With a surprising amount of power still left on the bench, chances look good for CCL to continue to improve their place. 

## Coach Wallbank?

The *Naperville Bearcats* (NAP), darlings of Weeks 1 and 2, enjoyed a rare win, besting *The Cheetahs* (CHE) 111-107. Looking at the [Coach scores][coach] (requires login), Wallbank and the Bearcats have actually fielded the most optimized teams of the season so far. However, take the stat with a pinch of salt, as in many of those weeks, NAP simply had very few good players *on or off the field*, making the differential very small.

[coach]:https://fantasy.nfl.com/league/10580413#leagueHomeStandings=leagueHomeStandings%2C%2Fleague%2F10580413%253FstandingsTab%253Dstandings%2526standingsType%253Dcoach%2Creplace 

## Other Results

 + The Skylarks (SKY) lost badly to *Beginners Luck* (BGL). Though neither team hit projection, the Larks suffered from injuries to St. Brown and Andrews (TE), scoring just 74 to the Beginners' 95. BGL improve to 5-2 and take the Number #2 spot in the tables, 70 pts behind the leader The Red Rifles.
 
 + The Brady Bunch (BRR) and Esquel Collies (ESQ) were due a close match, projected 104 each. Both teams beat that, but BRR blew right past and kept going, finishing the sheepdogs off 124-106. Austin Ekeler was standout, as was the kicker, Santos.
 
 + With an excellent defensive showing courtesy of the Cowboys, TBC took the win over *Mayfield Bakery* (MFB), playing very close to their optimum lineup, to boot. The trade for Mahomes seems to be paying off for TBC, as he starred in the win, taking 26.92 pts for the side. Both teams are now 3-4 and face interesting weeks, with TBC playing CRT, and MFB facing off against SKY; all teams of equal caliber, squabbling for a potential playoff place.
 
 + Packers FC (PFC) did their best, but couldn't get one over on Lockett Down (LCD), losing 99-107. On the bright side, PFC got 51 whole points (42%, the majority of their score) from traded-for players. So maybe sending Homey away for some depth was the right call after all? LCD round out the 5-2 club, sitting 3rd in the league.
 
## Football

See you next week. Football.