---
title: Week 12 - Lightning Report
---

Week 12 gave us Thanksgiving and Black Friday. Which teams had cause for thanks? And did any coaches find their records emerging above the line and into "the black", in the hunt for a playoff-worthy season?

## Results

 + Do we need to talk about Packers FC? I think we should talk about Packers FC. With 118.30, PFC brought in their highest score of the year, against the exceptionally unlucky *the category is 'country love'* (CCL). Led by a surprise 29pts out of Godwin, and despite two out of nine players bringing in 2pts or less, PFC acheived a magical first win of the season. "I'm upset about it" said opposing manager, Grace Joslin, as her team went down with a 93.22 score and a loss, becoming the first and perhaps only victim of the Footpackers this year.
 
 + Lockett Down (LCD) got one over on the Bearcats (NAP), albeit by a smaller margin than predicted at 110 to 105. With a lot of strength left on the bench, LCD could have done even more. They take third place and show promise for the finals. NAP fall to 5-7 and are possibly "done" for the foreseeable.
 
 + Also facing the gloom were *Country Road Take Mahomes* (CRT), who did not win their must-win match against the Southport Skylarks (SKY). It was a close thing but in the end an uninteresting matchup, as most players more-or-less, and somewhat unusually, hit their projected numbers. The only squeaky moment was MNF when the Larks needed Paris Cambell to bring in a few points if J. Taylor would hit his promised 16.36. In the end, JT exceeded that at 18.8, and Cambell disappointed with only 3.4, but it wasn't enough to change the outcome. Gallingly, CRT would have had the win had they fielded Pittman over Kirk. They take their 5-7 record to the pub, while the Skylarks make a last ditch effort to qualify, now sitting at 7-5 and in seventh place.
 
 + The Red Rifles (RED) got lucky this week, as their score collapsed faster than a soufflé, but not as fast as opponents', Mayfield Bakery (MFB). "I got banged by [Travis Etienne] going out injured after 2 carries for 3 yards" complained Josh Kendrew about the team's disappointing loss. With 92.56 scored against a predicted 127, this may be one of the lowest scores yet for the Reds. Yet, they further cement their #1 overall standing, while MFB look stuck in the mud. Interestingly, The Bakery got only 14% of their score from drafted players, with the majority coming from the fruit of trades. Is this the league's most-rebuilt team?
 
 + Two evenly matched teams in TBB and TBC faced off, and both coaches went to their sleepy bo-bo times on Sunday night thinking the same thing: that TBC had sealed the deal. Oh contraire! They didn't count on one Jalen Hurts bringing the Pain, scoring 29.82 (second highest QB score of the week) and taking the win. Now they find themselves with equal 7-5 records, and both with tricky matchups next week. These will be two to watch.
 
 + Beginners Luck (BGL) are accustomed to generally high scores, and this week was no different, as they conquered BRR, 158 to 117. But, I've discovered their secret. Did you know they have three players with the initials 'J.J.?' Josh Jacobs scored 48.30! Outstanding. Justin Jefferson took 29.34. Tremendous. Juwan Johnson got 0. Oh well. Maybe it's not a good enough reason to call my next son John-James Jriffiths after all.
 
 + Lastly, the Esquel Collies (ESQ) grabbed a surprising victory over The Cheetahs (CHE). Really it was the Cheetahs' to lose, and they did so -- not by any one player having a terrible day -- but by most of them falling just a little short. Tyreek, who usually blows away expectations, came up with 15pts. Taysom Hill underscored by 10. Freiermuth by 4. Harris, Tagavailoa, and Murray by 2 or 3. And it all adds up to a 94 to 101 loss for the slippery cats. However, playoff chances still look good for El-harrati, as the side sit in second. The Collies have the next two weeks to fight it out for theirs.
 