---
title: Week 12
---

It's tough out here for true sports journalism, espcially in the face of cowardly advertiser boycotts. In any case, a big thanks to our new sponsor, Saudi Aramco, who will surely stand by us as we publish the hard-hitting sports facts.

## Trebble Top

Coming into Week 11 matchups, we had a top four all sharing a 7-3 record, meritocratically sorted on actual points scored. At the top of this list was The Pollard Express (TPE). Despite this success, Trebble has had consternation for the injury prone team all along, saying Week 9:

> I have a sneaky feeling my boys might drop like a stone - injuries are too much

They went on to win the next three matches straight.

## Cheetahs Shuttered

Due to personal commitments of the general manager, The Cheetahs (CHE) resigned last week from the league. Scheduled games against the side now serve as a de-facto Bye week, the losers in this arrangement being LCD and CTW - the only teams to have lost to The Cheetahs so far. 

## Playoff Places

Second place TBC look set to go to the playoffs, as even with losses in the next two weeks, their record would look like top material in the very tight league we see this year.

Beginners Luck (BGL), who hold the second highest overall points for the season, were on a roaring five win streak until the weekend, when The Red Rifles (RED) took aim, fired, and shattered their chances of making it six. The score there was 157 to 113, with RED taking the highest points tally of the weekend. This week, BGL face top of the table TPE; sure to be a sharp game.

Bijan for men (BFM) lost their Week 11 game and fell from #3 to #4, but look good for their Week 12 match-up against twelfth place LCD. If they win there, the playoffs look like a lock.

On it like a Charbonnet (OLC) beat LCD at the weekend and improve to a tentative fifth place.

In the battle for "best of the rest", CTW and SKY had a crucial match where Cannot Touch My Williams emerged victorious, 115 to 95. Now both on 6-5 records, they swap places, with CTW moving up into sixth.

The category is 'country love' (CCL) lost out at the weekend to the champions-elect, with underwhelming performances from almost every skill slot. They had been riding high on a few wins which belied their true performance; CCL sit second from bottom if you look at total points.

With a tight race for the last playoff berths, it looks like an exciting weekend to come. See you there, Skinners.