---
title: Week 1
---

## Rifles rivals resent revengening 
Week 1 saw a replay of last year’s [week 16 semi-final match][w16] and this time the script was flipped. Regular season victory merchants The Red Rifles (RED) made hay, with standout performances from Mahomes, Aiyuk, and the Eagles D, for a total score of 120 - rising to an early lead on the league table. 

On the other side of the field, reigning champion Tom B and his side Lockett Down (LCD) were let down by three receivers who collectively underscored by 27.7pts. They took away 78pts in total and fall to 12th. 

[w16]: https://pigskin.glitch.me/posts/2023-01-01-playoffs/

## Player Improvement Plan
Was it just me or were there a lot of underwhelming individual contributions around the league this week? 

TBC and The Brady Bunch (TBB) were both let down by oft-reliable players. Joe Burrow, Najee, Kirk, Jacksons (Lemarr and Deon) are all on the naughty list. 

## Big Margins
I looked for a close game this week and there wasn’t one. The tightest margin was Joel and BGL beating newcomer Resident American’s side (USA) by 89 to 83. Well done I guess. And Ethan: welcome to the league. 

## Waiver wanters waving wonga
Managers spent a lot on waivers in an early season hope of picking up season-long prospects overlooked in the draft. 

Commissioner Trebble’s side Rubba Dub Chubb (RDC) spent a combined $40 on two picks while On it like a Charbonnet (OLC) and Bijan for Men (BFM) spent $20 each. 

There were raised eyebrows in some quarters, while good points were raised vis-a-vis waiver budget as a resource to be used, not saved. You can’t take it to the grave, folks. And in this editor-wannabe-economist’s view, a dollar spent in week 1 is worth $10 in week 10 as the talent pool can only get smaller as the season goes on. Good work too, to those who snapped up potential winners for little or nothing. 

Tonight is Thursday night and we look forward to another week of America’s finest Entertainment Sportsball Product. See you there, pigs. 