---
title: Week 2
---

## Working on Commission

Trebble and his side The Pollard Express (formerly Rubba Dub Chubb -- and we'll be keeping count how many more times this name changes) had more strong form this week, and indeed, show good signals for success through the rest of the season.

They beat the Southport Skylarks (SKY) by a handy 146 to 112, with difference makers in all three WR slots (Allen, Lockett, and Nacua). Can the league commissioner keep the express train rolling? And if he does, who will be the first to shout "fix!"? Not this loyal journalist! So stop worrying, and learn to love the glorious regime.

## Cheetah cheetah easily we'll beatya

The Cheetahs (hopefully) ended a run of somewhat mismanaged weeks, offering only 64.90 pts against Langston, our Resident American's team, USA. 

DJ Chark (doo doo du-du du-doo) scored two (doo doo du-du du-doo), and Gainwell gained 0. So, a bad week. USA come away with their first win, and rise to 8th.

## Battle of Toms

2 out of our 3 Toms played a tense game, which hung in the balance with Njoku, who needed 5.25 at Sunday Night Football to pull off a win for RED. Unfortunately for them, he scored just 4.8 and so T. Langlois and his side 'Cannot touch my Williams' (CTW) pulled off the win.

A good show for the league newcomers, and a slippery slope for RED, who risk equaling their worst ever season record (12-2) with a loss next week.

## Around the league

In a closeish game in the middle of the pack, The Naperville Bearcats (NAP) got 10 points over Hubble's On it like a Charbonnet (OLC). Final score 104.56 to 94.40 and both teams go to a 1-1 record.

Lockett Down (LCD) have had a dreadful start, falling in both of their games. Is it the curse of the fantasy superbowl for the team that won this league last year, and feeder league 'No Punt Intended' the year prior? Beginners Luck (BGL) swooped this week for 124 over 87 and round out the "no losses club" at 4th place on the table.

In the Sibling Bowl, Josh Kendrew and Bijan for men (BFM) triumphed over sister Grace's CCL side by 131.48 to 82.80 and will presumably get to sit in the big boy chair at next Sunday lunch, nyah nyah.

See you next week, ballers. 🏈
