---
title: Week 3
---

Standing alone at 3-0, newcomer Tom B and his side ‘Cannot touch my Williams’ (CTW) enjoyed the lowest winning score of the week (94.90), as it catapulted them to first place in the league.

In fact, CTW would hover in only 7th place overall based on overall points scored, with The Pollard Express (TPE) topping that particular table. Those two teams will eventually meet in week 7, and in the meantime, it remains to be seen whether Baskerville’s side can continue their streak without a game score topping 113.24.

## Marriage Poison Week

With fresh determination after last week's loss in the Sibling Bowl, Grace and Country Love (CCL) triumphed in the marital matchup, defeating Bryn’s Brady Bunch (TBB) a handy 128 to 86. Their first win of the season takes them to just 11th whilst husband languishes winless in 13th place.

## Around the league

TBC looked good as they fielded their optimal lineup to beat the Rifles 112.78 to 104.98. That puts them on a winning streak and could mean good momentum as they meet up with Beginners Luck (BGL), also on a 2-1 record, but who suffered a stinging loss to CTW at the weekend. 

The Naperville Bearcats (NAP) earned their first victory of the season with a 131 to 101 runaway win versus Bijan for Men (BFM).

The Southport Skylarks (SKY) squeaked out a win in the last minutes against 'On it like a Charbonnet' (OLC), thanks to a soaring 41.70 pt spectacular from Mostert, and a cheeky 20.10 out of Jamarr Chase, who had lacked opportunity prior to the week 3 game. The 129 to 126 win pushes SKY up into the top 4, and facing a tough side in 3rd place BFM.

## Lock Picker

Lockett Down (LCD) traded this week to pick up the team's namesake, grabbing Tyler Lockett and Hunter Henry while sending away Rhamondre Stevenson to the commish's side, The Pollard Express (TPE).

Nevertheless, their post championship woes continue as they lost 83-99 to the Cheetahs (CHE). Along with TBB, they form the winless club at the bottom of the table. 

Stevenson, Lockett, and Henry all underperformed against expectations in Week 3, scoring 6.7, 6.9, and 2.7 respectively. Did anyone really get the "better end" of that trade?

## It's Thursday

Enjoy football responsibly.

If you have a story for The Pigskin Chronicle, put it in the chat 💬 and we'll see you here next week.
